Polyform Noncommercial License 1.0.0

Acceptance
By using the software, you agree to all the terms and conditions below.

Copyright License
The licensor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free
copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly
display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the software, with
or without modifications, in source or object form, for noncommercial
purposes only.

Patent License
The licensor grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent
license to make, have made, use, sell, offer for sale, import, and
otherwise transfer the software, in whole or in part, for noncommercial
purposes only. This license applies only to the patent claims the
licensor can license that are embodied in the software.

Noncommercial Purposes
You may use the software for noncommercial purposes only. A
noncommercial purpose is one that is not primarily intended for or
directed towards commercial advantage or monetary compensation. The
following are examples of commercial purposes: using the software in a
product or service that is distributed or sold, using the software to
provide consulting services, or using the software to develop a product
or service you plan to sell.

Notices
You must ensure that anyone who gets a copy of any part of the software
from you also gets a copy of these terms. If you modify the software, you
must include a prominent notice stating that you have modified the
software.

No Other Rights
These terms do not imply any licenses other than those expressly granted
in these terms. For example, these terms do not grant you any right to
use the licensor's trademarks, tradenames, service marks, or logos.

Termination
If you use the software for any commercial purpose, or otherwise violate
these terms, your license and rights under these terms automatically end.

No Liability
As far as the law allows, the software comes as is, without any warranty
or condition, and the licensor will not be liable to you for any damages
arising out of these terms or the use or nature of the software, under
any kind of legal claim.

Counterpart
If the licensor offers the software under different terms, or authorizes
you to use the software under different terms, that does not waive any
terms of this license.

Luca Candela reserves the exclusive right to offer, license, or
otherwise distribute this software for commercial purposes.
